One Pager
Anonymous Doubt Resolution
Verified resolution for every doubt.
A MECHANISM TO ENSURE THAT THE ENTIRE TEAM REMAINS ALIGNED ON ALL ASPECTS OF RDR OPERATIONS. 
Problem Statement
We operate in a space which is very dynamic. Things change fast, and our operations impact customer experience directly.
While we as a team make a bulk real time changes, we have to ensure that our leadership principle - Success and Scale Bring
Broad Responsibility is well taken care of. One of the challenge which we have to mitigate responsibly is to keep the entire
team on the same page at all times in a dynamic space. Many a times quality of information passed from the leadership gets
diluted, or at times looses it’s original form till the time it affects the customer. Vice-versa is also True. To ensure customer
obsession, every one in the team must be dynamically on the same page at all times, and at the same time, we as a team, we
can Invent and Simplify as well, we have created a slack based work flow named Query- which also resonates with our
leadership principle of being Frugal in approach.
Introduction
The Query Workflow is a Slack-based system that enables auditors across all RDR pipelines to raise SOP-related, process-
related, and tool-related doubts & suggestions anonymously. To get started, visit the team's Slack channel rdr-team-all, and
simply click the Query button placed in the chat panel to raise your query. Every submission is assigned a unique Ticket ID.
Leadership, then caters to anecdotes, suggestion and doubt. No individual's identity is disclosed at any stage, or, to any party,
throughout the resolution process. All past resolutions are accessible to the entire team for reference. This way we achieve a
common understanding of our standard operating procedure which at times get very dynamic. Additionally, upon resolution of
a query, the auditor receives the answer directly in their Slack DM as well, allowing them to refer back to it at any point they
may require.
Step-by-Step Process
FOR AUDITORS
Step  1 
Navigate to the rdr-team-all Slack channel. Click the green Query button at the bottom of the channel. A submission form will
open within Slack.
