One Pager
Anonymous Doubt Resolution
Verified resolution for every doubt.
A MECHANISM TO ENSURE THAT THE ENTIRE TEAM REMAINS ALIGNED ON ALL ASPECTS OF RDR OPERATIONS. 
Problem Statement
We operate in a space which is very dynamic. Things change fast, and our operations impact customer experience directly.
While we as a team make a bulk real time changes, we have to ensure that our leadership principle - Success and Scale Bring
Broad Responsibility is well taken care of. One of the challenge which we have to mitigate responsibly is to keep the entire
team on the same page at all times in a dynamic space. Many a times quality of information passed from the leadership gets
diluted, or at times looses it’s original form till the time it affects the customer. Vice-versa is also True. To ensure customer
obsession, every one in the team must be dynamically on the same page at all times, and at the same time, we as a team, we
can Invent and Simplify as well, we have created a slack based work flow named Query- which also resonates with our
leadership principle of being Frugal in approach.
Introduction
The Query Workflow is a Slack-based system that enables auditors across all RDR pipelines to raise SOP-related, process-
related, and tool-related doubts & suggestions anonymously. To get started, visit the team's Slack channel rdr-team-all, and
simply click the Query button placed in the chat panel to raise your query. Every submission is assigned a unique Ticket ID.
Leadership, then caters to anecdotes, suggestion and doubt. No individual's identity is disclosed at any stage, or, to any party,
throughout the resolution process. All past resolutions are accessible to the entire team for reference. This way we achieve a
common understanding of our standard operating procedure which at times get very dynamic. Additionally, upon resolution of
a query, the auditor receives the answer directly in their Slack DM as well, allowing them to refer back to it at any point they
may require.
Step-by-Step Process
FOR AUDITORS
Step  1 
Navigate to the rdr-team-all Slack channel. Click the green Query button at the bottom of the channel. A submission form will
open within Slack.

Step  2
From the dropdown, choose the appropriate use case your query relates to.
Step  3
Choose the option that best describes the nature of your query. 
Select SOP Related for doubts and discussion about our Standard Operating Procedure. 
Select General Query for doubts and discussion related to Operations processes, tools, etc. 
Select Ideas/Suggestion for suggesting and discussing any new idea that may be.
Step  4
In the Query text field, clearly describe your related doubt or suggestion. Try to be as specific as possible to help the manager
provide an accurate and useful response.
Note: Your identity will not be shared with anyone at any level of discussion. 
Step  5
Once we click the Submit button, against raised query, a unique Ticket ID will be automatically generated and posted in the
group.
Note: Simultaneously, the query with ticket number as it’s identity, will be posted in a leaders group as well from where leaders
will reply.
Step 6 
Once the leadership replies, we will receive the resolution along with original doubt and ticket number - directly in our Slack
DM. Also, the same will be posted in rdr-team-all channel and Ticket will be marked as resolved. 
Step 7
If the resolution does not fully address your doubt, you can click the red Review button present along with the resolution you
receive in your DM. 
After you submit your clarification doubt statement, it will be sent for leadership review and individual shall receive the
clarification in their personal DM once the leadership replies.  
FOR MANGERS
Step  1 
Once an auditor submits a query, it will appear in the managers channel. The Query will appear long with the Ticket ID,
Pipeline, sub-type, and Doubt. For each query raised, we will have three action buttons namely Answer, Assign and Check
Status.
Step  1A 
If you choose to Answer. Click the Answer button and provide your resolution. 
Once a resolution statement is submitted, the resolution gets delivered to the auditor as Slack direct message. 
Also, Confirmation message along with resolution gets posted in rdr-team-all channel. 
Note: If an auditor clicks the Review button after receiving a resolution, respective answering leadership will receive a DM via
the bot - notifying that the auditor requires further clarification. Also, the same would be populated in Managers channel.
Click the Clarify button, provide the additional explanation, and submit. The clarification will be sent directly to the auditor's
Slack DM along with in the Managers Channel.
Step  1B
If we click Assign and select the manager best suited to handle the query. The ticket will be forwarded to that manager's Slack
DM via the Query bot.

Step  1C
If we click Check Status,  we will get the current status of the respective TICKET ID stating whether it is in progress or
answered. 
Step  2
If a leadership assigned you a ticket, you will receive the ticket in your Slack DM with the message "A new question has been
assigned to you, please address" along with already discussed buttons with their respective functionality. We can choose
according to our requirement.
Step  3
If we choose to Re-Assign and then select the next manager, the re-assigned manager will receive the ticket with only an
Answer button and must resolve it directly.

Important points to note: 
●
●
●
●
Auditor identity is never revealed at any point in the workflow — submissions are fully anonymous. 
This workflow is not for live cases; it is solely for process doubts, SOP questions, and suggestions. 
In all cases of assignment or re-assignment, the receiving manager holds full responsibility of query resolution.
Re-assignment is limited to one level. The final recipient must answer directly.
